## Terminologies to learn.

## ML areas:

- recommender systems, embedding based candidate retrieval, personalization, whole page optimization, bandit algorithms, reinforcement learning.
- Interest or experience working on a large-scale search, recommendation and ranking problems
- advanced ML technologies used in search and recommendation are embedding based candidate generation, multi-head deep learning model for ranking, multi-objective utility optimization, explore / exploit etc. 
- You’ll work on the full stack of the ML lifecycle, including model training, serving, running experiments and directly improving the shopping metrics contributing to the bottom line of the company.
- Develop context aware and personalized embedding based candidate retrieval algorithms.
- Develop ML algorithms and frameworks to balance different objectives and model long term values.
- ML models for wrapper induction that require few training examples, NLP models for understanding free-texts


## Shopping/Ecommerce:

- shopping content recommendations and distribution on various surfaces e.g. product detail page, search, home feed, board.
- running experiments and directly improving the shopping metrics contributing to the bottom line of the company.
- building a brand new platform for mining and understanding product data, including extracting high quality product attributes from web pages and free texts that come from all major retailers across the world, mining product reviews and product relationships, product classification, etc. The rich product data generated by this platform is the foundation of the unified product catalog, which powers all shopping experiences at Pinterest (e.g., product search & recommendations, product detail page, shop the look, shopping ads)
- Machine Learning models that require few training examples to generate wrappers for web pages, NLP models that can extract information from free-texts, easy-to-use human labelling tools that generate high quality labeled data. 


## Tech Stack:

- Interest and experience in doing full stack ML, including backend and ML infrastructure
- Experience with big data technologies MapReduce/Hadoop/Hive/Presto/Spark
- Expert in Java, C++ or Python
- Work on backend and infrastructure to build, deploy and serve machine learning models
- Build data pipelines to do data analysis and collect training data.
- Hands-on experience on large scale machine learning systems (full ML stack from modelling to deployment at scale.)
- Hands-on experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop/Spark) and scalable realtime systems that process stream data
